[IRUMA]
Make sure... to watch the ball!
-[ASMODEUS gasps]
-[ASMODEUS AND CLARA] Oh, wow!
That was splendid!
High five, high five, devi five!
[SULLIVAN]
Looks like he's as ready
as he could possibly be.
[OPERA]
Yes.
Quite ready.
[BOTH breathing heavily]
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves and spoils Iruma,
and is even sending him
to the most
prestigious school in the land.
But there is just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever
let them find out I'm human
or I'm gonna get eaten for sure.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS, CLARA] "Fierce
Battle, Execution Cannonball."
[NARRATOR] The day
of the execution cannonball
promotion exam has arrived.
[SULLIVAN]
The day's finally here.
-[IRUMA] Hmm?
-How are you doing?
Do you feel pretty good
about your chances?
I do.
Or That's what
I'm telling myself at least.
Oh, are you still
frightened, then?
Well, I mean... [laughs]
If so, here's
one last bit of advice.
Isn't that my tea?
You can consider it
a life hack for future use.
-[SULLIVAN groans]
-A life hack?
It's an old
netherworld technique
to get ourselves
through predicaments.
Fear breeds utter humiliation
for demons.
In regards to survival
in a competitive society
like the netherworld,
fearing your enemy is basically
tantamount to defeat.
[IRUMA gasps]
So this means,
the more scared you are,
the bolder you must be.
Transform your fear
into excitement.
I said that's my tea.
[IRUMA groans uncomfortably]
-Morning! Morning! Morning!
-Master Iruma.
-[IRUMA gasps]
-We've come to pick you up.
-I gotta go.
-[CLARA] Morning!
Morning, Iruma-kins.
Thanks for breakfast, Opera.
[grunts softly]
[IRUMA] That's it. I just
have to be prepared and step up.
[GIRL 1] Today's promotion
exam day, right?
Maybe Asmodeus is gonna
raise his rank even higher.
[GIRL 2]
I mean, how could he not?
Well, sometimes keeping
a hot guy in their place
can be a good thing.
♪
Today's the day.
[SABNOCK]
Victory is mine!
[GOEMON]
No, it's mine.
[LEAD]
Let's finish this up
so I can go home
and get back to my game.
I haven't worked out in forever.
Please take it easy on me.
[CAMUI]
I swear I shall protect you.
[yawns]
Iruma sir, let's show them
what all your training's
led up to.
-Connor and Murf are...
-Uh, yeah.
[CLARA]
...cheering you on, too
Silence, clowns.
Pay attention
as we go over the rules.
[grunts in annoyance]
Execution cannonball,
super easy. Check it.
One: Each team
should have one person
stationed outside the field.
Two: Everyone else
stands within said field.
Three: If the ball hits you,
you're off the field.
It's okay to attack
from out of bounds.
But please note,
even if you hit someone,
you cannot return to the field.
Four: You may
only use magic on the ball.
Direct magic attacks
on your opponent are forbidden.
Ready? Let's all play--
-[STUDENTS gasp]
-That basically sums it up.
[LEAD]
He sure does hate
that cute little explaining
heart thingy.
Your promotions
will be determined
by which team triumphs,
as well as by the rankings
of the opponents you hit.
Here are the arm bands
for Teams A and B.
Team A is yellow
and Team B is red.
Once you put them on, split up.
[STUDENTS]
Okay.
Yellow! Team A is the best team.
Team A is the victory team.
It's finally time.
Ugh. I'm so nervous.
Fear not, friend.
You've trained
like a real beast.
Now let's show this class
what you're made of.
[gasps] Yeah.
-Now, let us enter the court.
-Ha!
[BOTH]
Uh, huh?
[gasps]
Um, B?
Uh, A?
[ALL chuckle]
[gasps sharply]
[ALL laugh]
Excuse me!
Why are you
dividing us this way?
Placing my friend Master Iruma
and me on separate teams
is simply ludicrous!
You were split to even out
the power balance.
No objections. Line up.
[CLARA]
Yay, I'm with Iruma-kins!
Ugh! But this... this is...
-[groaning]
-[chuckles] Come on now.
[ASMODEUS grunts]
This just means
I'll have to help Master Iruma
from the enemy camp.
Fine, I'll handle it.
What do you mean? [laughs]
Come on. Hurry up, Iruma-kins.
I'm coming.
Let's both do our best.
Indeed. You can count on it.
But how can I help Master Iruma
if I'm on this side?
[grunts]
Now...
commence execution cannonball!
[whistle blows]
[IRUMA]
Ah. It's finally time.
Just play it safe,
everybody knows that.
So don't throw it at Iruma.
[GOEMON]
Got it.
[ASMODEUS]
Hmm.
[GOEMON] We've already seen
that he's skilled enough
to defeat Asmodeus,
and he's also
a master at evasion.
[SCHNEIDER]
A wise man never courts danger.
What's the matter?
Hurry up and throw the ball.
[LEAD] Good idea.
How about right at him?
Remember,
he let all our traps hit him
when he arrived
in class that day.
[GOEMON]
Great idea.
Seize the day, as they say.
So, who's gonna throw it?
I'd be delighted to.
[GOEMON]
Let me be the one.
-[ALL gasp]
-Too late, sorry.
[ALL grunt in frustration]
When'd you even...
-And pass.
-[SABNOCK] Indeed.
Which one of you suicidal fools
is ready to receive my ball?
[ALL gasp in fear]
[whimpers]
[grunts in effort]
Hyah!
[whimpers]
Keroli, you're ou--
[CAMUI]
This ball just hit a girl!
Yeah, but he caught it,
so she's safe.
Here. I'd love
to get to know you better.
Aw!
[LEAD]
Forget it, that's an out.
[GOEMON]
You do realize you're giving
the enemy the ball, right?
[KALEGO] Camui, you crossed
onto the enemy's side.
-You're out.
-[CAMUI gasps]
[LEAD]
Wait. Time out.
[LEAD] What the hell,
you stupid bird?!
You blew it, thanks a lot.
[KALEGO] Resume the game
at once, or you're disqualified.
[ALL gasp]
[LEAD, SCHNEIDER AND GOEMON]
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, the ball is...
[grunting]
Oh, wow, there are so many.
[yawns]
Goodness, there are
balls everywhere.
Crap, which one's the real one?
This is another trial
to become the Demon King!
We should look for it, too.
-[GOEMON] You're right.
-[SCHNEIDER groans]
[SCHNEIDER]
Ah, my devi bone.
-[SABNOCK] Found it.
-[ALL] Hmm?
My eyes do not deceive me.
-[hissing]
-[laughs menacingly]
What?!
Yeah, that's definitely
not our ball.
[yawns]
You guys are so... loud!
[ALL scream]
Hey, where's the ball?!
Right there. Grab it now!
[grunting]
[IRUMA]
Keep your eyes on the ball...
and grab it!
[grunts]
[ALL gasp]
You're amazing,
Iruma-kins. Whoo!
[snickers] Well done,
my stout-hearted rival.
You're out, Agares.
You used your magic on
something other than the ball.
Only because
they're all so noisy.
[yawns]
[IRUMA] I can see
my training paying off.
Thank you, Opera!
Now, I'll throw...
[gasps] Oh...
They never taught me
how to throw!
[gasps] Wh-what should I do?
[BOYS gasp]
[GOEMON]
He looks so intense.
Hurry, you guys, spread out.
Help him. But how?
You show 'em the true power
of an honor student, Iruma!
-[ELIZABETTA chuckles softly]
-[CLARA panting and chuckling]
[groaning]
[KALEGO]
Hmph.
[gasps in fear]
[IRUMA]
Everyone's staring.
That was an excellent catch,
my rival.
[IRUMA]
Oh, Sabnock.
Let me handle the attack.
-[chuckles]
-[IRUMA] Huh.
[SABNOCK]
I don't like it.
We're in the heat of battle,
and he's daydreaming.
Since becoming my rival's
willing underling,
he's gone completely soft
as a demon.
Then I shall whip you
back into shape.
Look out!
[BOTH gasp]
[ASMODEUS] How dare you
disrupt my focus?!
-[SABNOCK screams]
-Off the field, Sabnock.
You're out.
[SABNOCK gasps, grunts angrily]
[whimpers]
[SABNOCK]
Pass the ball to me outside!
-Fare thee well, O Gigantic One.
-[chuckles] 'Kay.
Honestly...
Oh, wow.
That Asmodeus sure is bad news.
Lesson learned,
don't throw to that one.
Okay, Sabro,
I will avenge you.
Yay! [groans]
Valac, you twit.
-Come on.
-[IRUMA chuckles nervously]
[NARRATOR] The match
continued in this manner
at a steady pace.
-[ELIZABETTA] Oh, my!
-[KALEGO] Out.
[SCHNEIDER]
There's no excuse for failure.
[KALEGO]
Then what's yours?
Off the field, now.
[JAZZ screams]
[NARRATOR]
One after another,
the demons were quickly
eliminated from the court.
[screams]
Then, finally...
[ASMODEUS]
Hmm?
This is... Hmm.
[JAZZ] The only ones left
are Asmodeus and Iruma!
[ASMODEUS] No Master Iruma and I
are the last ones standing!
[groans uncomfortably]
This should be good
since Iruma's so hard to hit.
Job well done, my rival.
Get him, yeah!
Yay, Iruma-kins!
[snoring]
Come on, kick his butt.
The victors are the true
authors of history.
Now, let us cheer together,
what do you say?
[KALEGO]
Hmph.
[ASMODEUS gasps]
When did this happen?
I was so deep in thought
I hadn't noticed at all.
There's no way I can attack
Master Iruma.
Wait. If we're the last
two players remaining,
the only possible thing to do
is to just give him the ball,
and let him hit me.
-Iruma...
-[exhales sharply]
[gasps deeply]
♪
Shame on me.
Have I bothered to look
at his face even once
since this
wretched match started?
Let him hit me?
Lose deliberately?
And have him gain
a rank that way?
How foolish can I be?!
I've been by his side
watching how hard he's worked,
and yet,
I've thought only of myself.
I never even considered
what Master Iruma is thinking,
standing there alone.
It must be torture.
You have
humiliated yourself, Asmodeus!
[groans]
[grunts softly]
[gasps]
Full strength
deserves reciprocation.
I am a demon who values
and respects etiquette.
I am Asmodeus Alice.
And I will give this
everything I have!
[IRUMA gasps]
I'll catch it.
♪
[footsteps]
It's pretty rare
for you to come watch
the first-years'
promotion exams.
Oh, you must be interested
in the top student, Asmodeus.
[BOY] He would be quite
an excellent candidate
to welcome into
the student council, agreed?
Actually...
it's possible we might see
something even more interesting.
♪
[GOEMON] Oh, my devi,
it's down to a one-on-one.
Yeah, who cares if we're out?
Asmodeus, get him!
-Go, Iruma. You can do it!
-Whoo! Best seat in the house!
Go, go, Iruma-kins. Fight on.
-Fight on. Fight on.
-[SABNOCK] Hmm.
If only I could
return to the court.
Hey, know what I just realized?
This is their first battle
since the entrance ceremony.
♪
[IRUMA] Azz seems
completely different than usual.
He's so serious.
No, that's actual
malice in his eyes.
♪
[grunts, yells]
[JAZZ]
There it is.
Get back!
[IRUMA gulps]
I'm scared.
[breathing shakily]
I've gotten through
some sticky situations before,
and every instinct
I've developed
is telling me to run.
But...
[grunts]
This means
the more scared you are,
the bolder you must be.
[IRUMA]
Be bolder.
[OPERA]
Transform your fear...
into excitement.
-[GOEMON] What?!
-You have a death wish?!
[grunts]
[yells]
[groaning]
[grunting in effort]
[IRUMA]
This is Azz's true strength?
I can't. It's too powerful!
In that case...
I'll just have to...
[groans]
[ALL gasp]
[scoffs]
...have to...
[gasps]
♪
...throw it back!
[yells]
[groans, gasps]
[ALL gasp]
[gasps] What have
I just witnessed?
[scoffs]
[whistle blows]
The winners of the match
are Team A.
-[TEAM A MEMBERS cheering]
-We... We we won?
I won?!
[ALL cheering]
[CLARA]
That was the coolest!
It was like, whoosh, whoosh,
twirly, twirly, kablooey.
Well done, my brave rival.
Yeah, like a boss.
Let's give him a lift. Come on.
Ready, and...
[ALL]
Heave-ho. Heave-ho.
-Heave-ho.
-Whee.
-So high.
[JAZZ]
Wait, did they switch places?
[SABNOCK]
When didst thou...
[CLARA]
You should try, too, Sabro.
-[ALL groan]
-[overlapping chatter]
I gave everything. All I had.
[chuckles softly]
I'm soundly beaten.
I'm truly no match for you,
Iruma sir.
[chuckles]
Nice, Azz-Azz!
[CAMUI]
That fireball was unbelievable!
-[GOEMON] You were so cool!
-[CAMUI] Hoot. Hoot. Hoot.
Can I call you Azz-Azz?
Get off me.
[indistinct chatter]
Asmodeus has remarkable skill.
Not many upperclassmen
could catch that.
Yet instead of fleeing in fear,
he pressed ever forward.
He reflexively thrust
the incredible strength
of the throw aside,
put his own powerful spin
on it to sustain its momentum,
and threw it back
even harder at Asmodeus.
Iruma managed to use that
bizarre evasion skill of his
as an effective attack.
Ugh.
Iruma.
[IRUMA gasps]
Hmm?
If it was obvious
that Asmodeus had let you win,
I was never going to allow you
to raise your rank ever.
[gasps]
But both of you
truly gave it your all.
Therefore...
Iruma, I hereby approve
your promotion to Bet.
Whoa!
[STUDENTS gasp]
Yay! You did it!
I am so proud of you.
Oh, boo.
You could at least
give him a Gimel rank.
Indeed. Bet for that performance
is just insulting.
Cheapo. Boo-boo.
-[KALEGO] Get over it.
-[STUDENTS] Huh?
It's a marathon, not a sprint.
There will be more exams.
If you lot want to be
promoted as well,
then you must work harder.
That is all.
-[ALL gasp]
-[LEAD] Okay.
Hold on. Isn't my rank
going up, too?
[KALEGO]
Negative.
[shudders]
Alright, let's head home.
[CAMUI] You must be tired
after all that, Elizabetta.
Shall I massage your shoulders?
[ELIZABETTA]
That's okay.
-[ASMODEUS] Huh?
-[CAMUI] Does that mean yes?
Master Iruma?
[CLARA gasps]
[IRUMA]
I... I think I'm still in shock.
My heart feels so full.
I've never felt this way.
[AMERI]
Congratulations, Iruma.
[IRUMA gasps]
Ameri.
I was watching your performance.
Markedly different
from yesterday.
But that's--
Why do you keep popping up,
Lady Redhair?!
[grunting]
[ASMODEUS]
I don't follow.
What exactly
are they talking about?
It's just I've... never worked
that hard for just my own sake.
But now I finally know
how it feels to accomplish
something just for myself.
What an amazing feeling.
Huh. Yes, indeed.
That warm, happy feeling you get
after overcoming your obstacles,
using your strong will,
both physical and mental,
that is truly...
ambition!
Say what?
It is?!
Mm-hmm.
Your passion towards it.
Your fighting spirit
to see it all through.
[IRUMA] So ambition
feels kinda warm and fuzzy?
Regardless, you stepped up.
So, well done, Iruma.
[gasps]
[laughs]
[growling]
[ASMODEUS]
I wish I could hear them.
Yo, Iruma.
Professor Kalego just said
he would buy us all some drinks.
You wish.
[IRUMA]
I'm back!
[door opens]
[OPERA]
Welcome home.
So, so, how did
your promotion exam go?
Tell me, tell me!
Well, I... I ended up one-on-one
with Azz in the last round,
but I safely raised
my rank one level.
[SULLIVAN] Ho-ho-ho. I knew
you could do it, grandson.
Safely?
With all those wounds
on your hands?
Azz did some damage.
But he started
apologizing profusely
and I couldn't get him to stop.
Please forgive me!
[crying]
I was able to give
my full concentration
to this match.
Because of your help.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
[IRUMA]
So...
thanks, Opera.
I owe ya.
[OPERA]
Hmm?
[SULLIVAN grunts in annoyance]
You helped me so much.
-[SULLIVAN] But why?
-No, no, really. I mean it.
[SULLIVAN] I helped with
your training, too, you know.
-[IRUMA chuckles]
-[OPERA] It was nothing.
[SULLIVAN]
Wait. No, I didn't.
No fair! No fair!
But you gave me
that responsibility.
Hey. What's with the attitude?
You know very well
I can't help it,
I would have just
ended up spoiling him.
Uh, hey, I'm grateful to you,
too, Grandpa, honest.
[NARRATOR] Thus the
execution cannonball match,
and the training that fueled it,
came to an end.
♪
[IRUMA]
A dream. A real goal.
I've never felt
like this before.
Everyone was so happy,
and honestly, so was I.
If I may ask you,
do you desire to return
to the human world?
[IRUMA]
I...
[snoring]
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
Rank: Bet.
Su-ki-ma.
Hey. Let's get those drinks
Professor Kalego
said he'd buy for all of us.
Oh, sure.
I'm not doing that.
Why don't you come along
with us, too, Ameri?
Not buying a thing.
[gasps]
[NARRATOR]
With detection-warding glasses,
everyone will stop noticing you.
no matter
how much you stand out.
[AMERI] I need to make sure
I don't outshine the star.
I should hurry and leave.
-[LEAD] Huh? What's up?
-Don't know.
[NARRATOR] However,
if someone has already seen you,
they are rendered
absolutely useless.
[IRUMA] I wonder if those
are her personal sunglasses.
I said uh-uh.
[inaudible dialogue]
[KALEGO] Huh! Those fools
from the Misfit Class.
Especially that obnoxious
honor student, Iruma.
I'll set him straight
if he gets a big head
after rising a rank.
Calm down, Kalego.
I should soothe my soul
by pruning this cactus.
Next time,
"Together with Familiars"
and "The Battler's Challenge."
Curse you, Iruma.
How dare you summon me
as your familiar again?!
You'll pay for this!
♪